lib/mergeset: reduce memory allocations on blockcache misses (#9324)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): add command-line flag `-search.logSlowQueryStatsHeaders` for [query execution stats](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/query-stats/). The new flag allows specifying the list of headers to log together with slow queries if user's request contains them. This flag is available only in VictoriaMetrics [enterprise](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/enterprise/). See [Query Stats](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/query-stats/) for details.
* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and [vmselect](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): add ability to proxy `/api/v1/notifiers` to vmalert when `-vmalert.proxyURL` is set. See [9267](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/9267) PR for details.

> * FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): reduce CPU usage for indexDB requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): reduce CPU usage on indexDB lookups in case of cache misses.
```

> * FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): reduce CPU usage on indexDB lookups in case of cache misses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): reduce CPU usage caused by garbage collection during indexDB lookups on cache misses. See [#9324](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/9324) for details.
```
